# Week 8 Product Meeting

Created: May 20, 2022 3:45 PM
Last Edited Time: May 20, 2022 4:17 PM
Type: Product Meeting

# What did we do last week?

- Refactor router frontend
- Docs
- mongodb testing instance

# What are we doing this week?

- Testing tasks
- new frontend log
- testing the backend tests
- modifying backend to reflect new pages.

# Potential blockers?

- None spoken of

# Meeting Notes

Leo’s Guidelines to commits 

- no messages over 72 characters
- no dot at the end
- more to list but here is the link [https://github.com/forschoolandnothingelse/cse112-sp22-group1/blob/contributing/CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/forschoolandnothingelse/cse112-sp22-group1/blob/contributing/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- There is a standard to how many and when commits happen
- git rebase after a merge

Testing 

- James is setting up the back-end testing with jest to test the mongoDB database. In memory rather than hard drive. And testing with that strategy.

Frontend

- Edward worked on his card component UI and works as intended.
- Ehson, Ethan and Edward (with waynar’s help) refactored the frontend index.js in order to have a much better format for creating the log component. These different views are in different state’s. and there is some functions that set up the current state.
- Leo asked backend changes in regards to router

Design

- there is a lot of changes that reflect what we want to do
- Ask professor to finalize changes and make these changes reflected in the frontend.
- Sidebar icons should reflect [https://graphicdesign.stackexchange.com/questions/116740/what-are-the-best-icons-to-represent-now-and-in-the-future](https://graphicdesign.stackexchange.com/questions/116740/what-are-the-best-icons-to-represent-now-and-in-the-future)